Okay, I just finished editing.
um tomorrow's video and it's really
early on a Thursday for that. So, I'm
excited. I actually was supposed to have
school today, but I had been emailing
with a school counselor asking to switch
my schedule so I could have classes on
Wednesday instead. So, I fully thought I
was going to school today until I got it
changed last second. It's 12:30 now. I'm
going to head to a little grocery store
or stand, like a farmer's produce stand,
whatever, and get some groceries for
lunch and then finish up my video. I
just have like some finishing touches
and that's kind of it. People are
looking at me. And then that should be
that.
>> Okay, you guys. I'm back home. Went and
picked up some needed groceries slashp
produce. I'm going to make some lunch
now cuz I'm starving. And then I'm
getting dinner with my friend Eliza, who
has been in my vlogs before. She's
visited New York a few times. Um, and
she's actually living abroad in London
right now for a little bit. So, she like
popped on over to Paris and is leaving
tomorrow. I was sick up until like
yesterday and Loki is still recovering
today. So, I we weren't able to hang out
until now. But, at least we get to see
each other. Bye. Let's make tuna salad
because that's all I be making for lunch
here. Lunch time. Look how good the
produce looks. So fresh and delicious.
Hits every time. So yummy.
>> We have a little visitor.
We're eating lunch together.
Are you having
You guys, I literally ventured out.
Well, first of all, I had to go get a
tax form for a purchase that I made. But
then I was like, I really want to get a
journal. So, I started looking for a
stationary store. Found that cute
stationary store. Didn't buy anything.
Wasn't exactly what I was looking for.
Pop into a random vintage store across
the street and they had exactly what I
was looking for. Like, as I walk in, I'm
like, hm, let me just go in and see what
they have. They had a little set of
these traveler notebooks like similar to
the Louis Carmen and there's another
brand like these. They're very popular
whatever where you can like store
multiple journals inside and it's so
beautiful and it comes with a little
heart charm. Like I'm just in awe and in
shock that I found what I was looking
for within 5 minutes of me thinking
about it. Crazy. Crazy. Anyways, I'm
going home now before dinner.
Getting
ready for dinner with Eliza. My roommate
and I went to this restaurant together
and it was really, really good. Such a
cute interior. It's a Mexican restaurant
and I believe they have different
locations. Such a good vibe, really good
food. So, that's where I'm taking Eliza
tonight. She's leaving tomorrow at like
700 a.m. I'm sad I wasn't able to like
see her before tonight, like right
before she leaves, but I was sick and
just not feeling well. If you guys saw
my last vlog, you would know. I am
feeling a lot better, which is really,
really good. Also, my current favorite
lip combination is the MAC lip liner in
cork. And then, I mean, I look crazy
right now, but you'll see it in a
second. Um, the YSL candy glaze stick
neutral shade O2. It's really cute. I
love it. It's like a nice little dark
nude color combo.
Okay. So, you look a little crazy and
then you take this and you smudge it
out.
And it's just like a nice subtle brown.
And this is such It's almost like a lip
balm. It literally is a lip balm,
especially if you get the shade cuz it
doesn't really have much of a color. And
it is so moisturizing but still a little
bit glossy. Love it. I actually
repurchased this a few days ago cuz the
first time I tried it, YSL sent it to
me. Thank you, YSL. And I fell in love
with it. So, I was like, I need to buy
it again. And then these lip liners are
just so good and creamy and like you get
a bang for your buck cuz look how long
it is. Like it's a good lip liner.
Anyways, I'm going to throw on my jeans.
I'm literally we're wearing I didn't
really change. I changed into sweatpants
when I got home. But I'm going to wear
the same outfit I was wearing all day
today. We're on a YSL kick. Not
sponsored, but I want to wear this
perfume. And I'm ready to go. And I'm
ready to go. All right. See you at
dinner.
Oh my god.
>> Hi, it's Eliza in Paris.
>> It's Eliza in Paris. And look at her
cute bob. Last time we saw her, she had
hair up to like here.
>> Yeah.
>> Girl, it's so chic. It's so cute. It's
so giving Paris. You should move here.
Like, hello.
>> I literally would in an RV.
Hi, and welcome to this short guided
meditation designed to help bring a
moment of calm and clarity into your
day. Take three big deep breaths,
breathing in through the nose
and out through the mouth. Good morning,
you guys. I just finished my 5-minute
meditation. I've been really trying to
meditate a lot more often because with
my change to a whole new city, let alone
a whole new country. Obviously, emotions
come with that and it's been mostly
exciting emotions. But there are times
that I find myself, especially in the
morning, where my anxiety tends to be a
lot higher. I have had to find ways to
kind of come back to myself, come back
to my body, and really focus on the
present moment and not be so quick to
rush into my day. I have such a big
problem with rushing through my day,
thinking of all the million things I
need to do and how I need to get them
all done, thinking about what I'm doing
tomorrow or next week. And I just tend
to lose myself along the way and forget
that the present moment is the most
important. So, I really find that
setting up a good practice at the
beginning of your day when you're
freshly awoken, if you will, is the best
way to kind of kickstart your day in a
positive way. And it also has helped me
just really ground myself throughout the
rest of the day. If I find myself in a
super stressful moment or my anxiety
tends to be higher, even the 5 minutes
that I took that morning to meditate and
ground myself and breathe, it makes such
a big difference and I notice a
difference when I don't do it. I really
make sure that I'm making space for
mindfulness, especially in the morning.
But if not, I also love to do it at the
end of the day when I want to unwind and
just calm my brain down before I go to
bed. I honestly used to be so
intimidated by meditating because I
thought it had to be this grand practice
that took up a large chunk of your
morning, but it really doesn't have to
be. And I actually find that 5 to 10
minutes works best for me. I've been
especially loving the jump start your
day meditation on Headspace. It's super
simple and it only takes 5 minutes like
I just said and it's mostly focused on
the breath and coming back to the
breath, coming back to the body. And I
find such a big difference by the end of
those short 5 minutes. Feel so much more
calm and regulated, ready to start my
day. And actually, it's been proven that
just 5 minutes a day of headsp space
reduces stress. And after 10 days of
Headspace, your happiness is proven to
increase, which is amazing. And because
it is still fairly early in the new
year, it is the perfect time to set
another goal and start meditating if you
interested. So, I will leave the link in
the description box below, or you can
scan the QR code and get 60 days of
Headspace for free. It's 2 months of
full free access compared to the
standard 2e trial that they have on
their website. So, I highly recommend
you guys check it out. And a big thank
you to Headspace for sponsoring today's
video. Guys, I'm so obsessed with my
journal. So cute. I think after I get
ready for the day, I'm going to honestly
go out for a little adventure, find a
cute little coffee shop, and sit and
write in my journal. I don't know about
what, but I'm sure I'll come up with
something. I'm about to open this PR
package. Jaded London, thank you guys.
I'm so excited. Like, when they reached
out, I was like, "Hello, hi. This is
fun." Ooh, little long sleeve, but then
it's like backless with these sequin
straps. So cute. Then I got this this.
Look how pretty this is. I've been
loving the color purple, especially ever
since I went back to brown hair.
Anything plum looks really good with my
brown hair. So, I've been aiming to buy
more dark purple. How does this work,
guys? Um, it's a shawl, but I don't know
where my head goes. I think my head goes
here. So, it go like this. Cute little
beach cover up. Oh my god, these are so
cute. Little shorts also for the
summertime. My ass might be out, but
that's fine. I'm obsessed with jeans. I
love jeans. Bury me in jeans. Look how
pretty the wash is on these. I love the
like distressed look. The rips and the
top wash. Amazing. Thank you so much,
Jay London. So, yeah, I'm going to get
ready. I've been saving so many spots
that I want to try cuz thank you Tik
Tok. There's so many recommendations,
but also from my friends. I have so many
places saved. So, I started to make a
little guide. No, multiple guide guides.
Sorry. Like, look. I don't know if you
can tell, but I have Paris brunch,
coffee, matcha, dinners, cafes to work.
So, let's look at the coffee and matcha
um recommendations because I have so
many saved on there. Yesterday, when I
was with Eliza, she told me about this
tea room that she went to, and it's
actually in the area that I kind of want
to venture out to today. It's called
Kiji. Apparently, it's like obviously
like the cafe section on the bottom
part, but then on the top section, it's
like classic Japanese tea room where you
like take off your shoes and you sit on
the floor. So, I might go there cuz I
just know that matcha would be delicious
and that's so like cozy. We'll see where
my day takes me. I actually have to film
something really quickly. Do some
errands in the apartment and then we're
heading out for the day and then I have
a workout class at 6:30 I think. Snake
and Twist. Insane workout. Like you're
shaking and crying and feel like you're
training for like survival. Survival.
Survivor.
But it's great. I love it. It's kind of
exhilarating. Okay, off we go. Let's go.
So rainy.
I'm heading to a little brunch with a
new friend. I've been making a lot of
new friends since being in Paris and I
love it. I think it's a lot because of
social media. Like a lot of them reach
out or I reach out because we see we're
in the same city. So, it's amazing. It's
been so fun to like meet new people. But
yeah, I'm going to this place called
Echko. It's really chilly today, so I
had to like break out a warmer coat cuz
it's so cold today. We're going to see
what we end up doing for the rest of the
day. It is Valentine's Day, so hopefully
I'll see my girls later for a little
Valentine's. I think we will do
something, but we shall see what we're
up to. I'm also loving my outfit. It's
very like simple chic. I wish I gave you
guys a fit check, but I rushed out the
house this morning so I can make it on
time, and I am on time, so it's great.
Yeah, I like my outfit. I'll show you
guys later. Let's go get some yummy food
and vibe.
Can you plug your brand cuz this is
insane.
>> This is trash.
>> I'm This is trash. Of course.
>> And like
>> we're a little moment. She's a little
Valencia Here's another little
Valency
>> Okay, this is amazing. Yeah, this could
be this could be your next one.
>> Okay, it might be
>> inspired by New York's village, of
course.
>> So, he basically you take a quiz, right?
>> Yeah.
>> And he personalizes your delicious,
gorgeous, sexy bag for you.
>> She's based on childhood nostalgia
consumption.
>> Yes.
>> She's all the things we trash. This is
actually a $1 bill from the streets of
the East Village.
>> That was my favorite thing was waking up
in the morning
>> on the weekend and seeing what trash
would be out the night before. She
looked on nine for a second.
>> Oh my god.
>> Anyway, um this a real camera?
>> Yes. So that's Oh my god.
>> So she is turned on
>> and yeah, take a photo with her.
>> Okay. Wait, wait. I'm going to take a
photo of you. Did I do it?
>> I think it took it.
>> Oh my god.
>> And then there's a teeny tiny little SD
card here.
>> Stop.
>> Yeah.
>> Hey. Oh my god. I'm so excited.
>> So if you have the plug for this
>> I do. I literally have it in my bag. I
can like export it to my
>> Or you could plug it in.
>> Oh my god. How cute. So, he literally
customized this this uh city bag for me
based off of my childhood like
favorites.
>> My favorite color.
>> She's had a Dasa bag.
>> She's a Hadasa bag. This is an iPod. And
then wait, turn it cuz I think this is
my favorite part. The iHeart New York
>> and a little Visa
>> of his first trip to Paris. So, I'm
going to put his little app here if you
guys are interested and want your own
customized trash bag.
>> Thank you.
>> Oh my god.
>> So beautiful.
My name is
Okay, ignore how dark it is in this
apartment right now, but I never showed
you guys my outfit, and I really wanted
to because I love it. I just got home. I
have been wandering around literally all
day, cafe hopping, walking around. It's
so like lively, busy. But this is the
outfit. It is so cold today. I love
these jeans that I got in the Jaded
London PR that I showed you guys.
They're the perfect amount of bagginess.
And then I'm wearing this Heaven Mayhem
belt, my little tabies, a black long
sleeve from SKIMS for a coat. I just
felt really cute and diva. And that's
all. Thanks for thanks for watching. I'm
going to go do some work now until later
tonight. I don't really know what the
plan is. We were going to go to a soccer
game. I'm sorry, a football game, but
then we decided last minute not to go,
so we'll see what we end up doing
instead. But it's been a lovely day and
I've been loving this like cafe hopping,
journaling, reading, matcha, tea,
whatever vibe I've been on. And then
just walking around and exploring. It's
been really nice. It's been a lovely
day. It's 6:00 p.m. in 20 minutes.
>> Well, I'll see you at tryyous.
>> Okay.
>> All right. See you.
That was amazing. She She came up to
you. She was very nice, warm.
>> Oh my god. Amazing. Say hi.
>> No, you're supposed to
say I'm supposed to sip it.
>> I was like, you're finally going to
drink it, right?
>> No. No, I did not drink it right.
It's like a dessert.
>> Oh my god. Wait.
>> See, learn how to do the right way.
Heat. Heat.
Good morning everybody. I am getting
ready to head out. I'm still sleepy,
hence why my eyes are squinting. Also,
it's really sunny out today, which is
surprising because it was supposed to
rain from what I understand and like a
lot. It is a Monday, which means it is a
work day. I don't have classes Mondays.
My school actually is not even open on
Mondays from what I understand. So,
that's kind of cool. Um, so I use my
Mondays to go to a cafe, get any
homework done, editing done, things of
that nature. So, we are heading out to a
cafe. Going to go get a lovely coffee,
be productive. I think my roommate
Mariana is going to join me and it
should be a chill little day. There's
also a little Gallentine's happening
tonight with some of my friends. I'm
really, really excited. And I have a
Pilates class or I have a Leree class. I
explained lree in one of my other
videos. It looks like a reformer, but it
does certain things a reformer doesn't,
and it's a lot more intense. So, I'm
excited because I haven't worked out in
a few days, and I feel like I need it.
Anyways, I'm going to stop blabbing. Let
me show you guys my outfit cuz I really
like it. And a few a few of you guys
will recognize the jacket. If you
watched my last video, you saw me trying
on this beautiful piece at the vintage
store. I really need to clean the mirror
after showing you guys my outfit, but it
is perfection, and I could not leave
without getting it. It was actually the
last jacket they had in the store, which
is funny because like a vintage store is
always one of a kind pieces. But they
were actually selling a brand and they
had just received the shipment the day
before and they're like within 24 hours
everything sold out and I got the last
one and I was so excited because it is
like so unique and beautiful and perfect
and I am such a jacket girl. I love me a
good sexy chic coat. I'm going to stop
rambling. I really need to go. I'm
running a little bit late. Anyways,
let's head out.
Heat. Heat. N.
And now just shifting the attention to
your
breath. heading to my workout class
right now and then going straight from
there to Gallentine's. And I'm really
excited and it's nice, too, because it's
in the same area as my workout class,
which I so didn't plan. And it's been a
really productive day. I haven't vlogged
since like this morning, my first round
of editing, cuz I've been doing that all
day, and it's like boring. Like, who
cares? But should be a fun little
evening.
I died. I just died.
>> Cute. Look who greeted me at the door.
>> Hi.
>> Say hi to the vlog.
>> Valentine. Valentine.
>> Hi Rock.
>> Hi vlog. You're so cute.
>> Dessert.
in there on my wall.
It's like
What is noise?